Implement a server and two distinct types of client for a multiplayer Sudoku game. 
The first type of client is an observer. Observer clients receive and display a stream 
of messages from the server in real-time; they do not send any data. The second type of 
client is a participant. Participant’s primary job is to send messages. In a more 
sophisticated program, both of these clients would be integrated into a single display. 
To simplify the implementation of Program 2, we treat these separately. The server should 
be able to support up to 20 participants, and up to 255 observers. Starting with a blank 
9x9 Sudoku board, players add numbers to the board as fast as they can. Every valid 
addition earns the player 1 point. Every invalid attempt causes the player to lose 
1 point. A move is valid if is a number between 1 and 9, and the number does not already 
appear in the same row nor the same column nor the same 3x3 box (i.e. Sudoku rules). 
When no valid move has been made for 60 seconds, the round ends, each player’s score is 
printed, and the next round begins.

Command-Line Specification:

The server should take exactly two command-line arguments:
1. The port on which the server listen for participants, a 16-bit unsigned integer 
2. The port on which the server listen for observers, a 16-bit unsigned integer

The participant client should take exactly two command-line arguments:
1. The address of the server (e.g. a 32 bit integer in dotted-decimal notation)
2. The port on which the server is running for participants, a 16-bit unsigned integer

The observer client should take exactly two command-line arguments:
1. The address of the server (e.g. a 32 bit integer in dotted-decimal notation)
2. The port on which the server is running for observers, a 16-bit unsigned integer

Compilation

gcc -o sudoku_server sudoku_server.c
gcc -o sudoku_participant sudoku_participant.c
gcc -o sudoku_observer sudoku_observer.c

An example command to start the server is:
./sudoku_server 36798 36799

An example command to run the participant client is:
./sudoku_participant 127.0.0.1 36798

An example command to run the observer client is:
./sudoku_observer 127.0.0.1 36799